totally history.com brings you a brief
biography of George Washington
everybody knows George Washington is the
first president of the United States but
there is much more to man than just that
early years George Washington was born
on February 22nd 1732 to parents
Augustine and Mary he educated himself
and later became a map maker and a
woodsman in 1759 he married Martha
Dandridge Custis a well-to-do widow with
two children he instantly became a
stepfather to her two kids
Jackie and Patsy but the couple had no
children of their own George
Washington's military years George
Washington fought during the French and
Indian War which lasted from 1754 to
1763 soon after he became the
commander-in-chief of the Continental
forces in 1775 his first task as chief
was to Train 10,000 new recruits he also
wants several battles during the
American Revolutionary War as a result
he played a pivotal role in the United
States breaking away from the British
tyranny Washington was known as a
persevering leader who helped inspire
and motivate his men even in the
harshest and most hopeless of conditions
George Washington's accomplishments as
you may expect George Washington was a
very accomplished man one of his most
notable accomplishments was that he was
the leader of the Continental Army
during the American Revolutionary War
his leadership skills helped his men and
the American forces in general forge
ahead to victory against the British of
course he was also the first president
of the United States and he was the only
president to receive a unanimous
electoral vote George Washington signed
the Jay Treaty in 1795 which was a
treaty between the new United States and
Great Britain it is credited with
bringing an end to the American
Revolution it was also the beginning of
a decade of peaceful trade between Great
Britain and the you
States the state of Washington has also
named after him and it's the only state
named after an American
traditions started by George Washington
Washington set several presidents for
one thing he insisted on being referred
to as mr. president
instead of King Washington also said the
president of swearing on the Bible when
taking the oath of office a tradition
that most presidents since iam and
follow he also moved the capital city of
the u.s. from Philadelphia Pennsylvania
and Washington DC George Washington
chose the new place and preparations
began in 1790 to make the move
Washington also helped amend the Bill of
Rights and he made the u.s. neutral in
international conflicts presidential
facts George Washington served two terms
with John Adams as his vice president
both times he ran for office George
Washington ran unopposed
he advocated for the nation to remain
neutral in international conflicts
George Washington died in his home at
the Mount Vernon estate on December 14
1799 he was 68 years old